cayo focus is next from galaxy s karu
com anyway we're on android Brom
marathon you asked for it wait you
didn't ask for it but I asked for it so
we're on Android marathon we got the
AT&T galaxy s2 now there's no ICS roms
really that works functionally but this
one is a show stock rom it's really fast
let me show you just for performance I
got it set at one point six gigahertz
let me show you what kind of scores we
can get on this bad boy here so this one
comes with 14 toggles a lot of a lot of
things ICS transitions um so there's
also tethering heck camera I would go
over some of it but this is a really
really fast or more the faster swarms
I've tried even as stock 1.2 here so
you're going to find it this from kind
of kicks ass um I was using the ICS
screwed wrong before but I'm just
waiting on the arm let's look at the
results were quick so 4904 that's really
good no I didn't run it like 10 times
like some people do it um you should be
able to get like me or 6,000 if you run
it like 10 times um I really like this
wrong it's I might stick with it um it's
it's a pretty pretty stock phone but
everything is really fast and you can
see these red marks it shows you the
apps i think you used often so that's um
this is the show stock rom check it out
check it out battery life should be
really good try it out let me know what
you think and also we will have a death
match coming soon between all the best
android phones in the world they may
subscribe see you later oh and don't
forget to leave comments on what kind of
phone you have and you know what kind
roms you want to see our SE le as always
CL